so hello to all meet for
a new unpacking video and
presentations so today I 'm going
you unpack but
installing such a core i7 3770
ko shaukat lg at 11 55
so he will replace my intel core i5
2300 20 installed here so first of all
I will remove the cooling from
processor change the processor hands
thermal paste on this one so
quickly properly occupy
some features here no to
others here so so I'm going
install it on this motherboard asus
republic of gamer maximus 5 formula 1
so yes I was saying I'm going to meet
cooling here next i'm going
simply change processor
put back does not tarnish the master
cooling is taken and enjoy the
Intel processor simply so here I
will unpack to have the processor with
the means of the edge
gold books list
even if manual and pc collection
annual steam cvs
obviously I thought to do so here we
has the cooling provided by intel
personally I do not use step by step
to solicit too much soil very measurements
farms fanned this one cancer
so here we have a party that are in
contact with the motherboard so here I am
sells off the cooling
so I become a piece that is a little
damaged several times that I have
disassembled all that and so I will use
intel cooling for the moment
yes I know it's not the best but
good not too much choice
I'm already secret of watercooling under
little and we wait for that change the
processor
roof again this year and like
I am amazed to use the
Minitel cooling
so have to look well and the arrow
I am very firm in any way for
the moment the apple must allow to
put intel cooling knowing
I'm not a big heart so here's the
cooling is installed so that's
very simple there are holes and just at
put in the holes is then
installed the tic and it's true I
check if they are welcome that's it
looks good to me so it's good then we have
on the motherboard a small location
denmark and his fans pullovers so we say
this here it's done drinking all
way I do not intend to offer
clokey no coffee no ena cooling
extreme
I will still take watercooling
and so it does not look good to me
I 'm going round branches and then we'll see
right now
So here it turns any property that has
look good to go the fan
I added a little thermal paste
still what such a in the
many windows family starts without
problem is no plan to reinstall
or something like that it's all good
so that's all right she had me m
we detected so it was good
after level performance I do not know
will see well but I'll tell you that in
comments if you want to know
ask - and that's thank you to all and
next